add `noSafety` argument to block objective (#2025)
BetonQuest/BetonQuest: CHANGELOG.md

- `globaltag` and `globalpoint` variables
- `burn` event - ignites player for given seconds, supports variables
- `velocity` event - throws the player by a vector (can be variable) with a direction and modification

> - `block` objective now has argument `noSafety` which disables removing progress when the player does the opposite of what the objective asks for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `block` objective - added argument `noSafety` which disables removing progress when the player does the opposite of what the objective asks for
```

Author: This style is in line with previous argument additions.
